Make pytest run instruction clear in contribution guide (#981)
getsentry/sentry-python: CONTRIBUTING.md

Of course you can always run the underlying commands yourself, which is
particularly useful when wanting to provide arguments to `pytest` to run
specific tests. If you want to do that, we expect you to know your way around

> Python development, to get started clone sentry-python sdk and cd into the sdk
> directory and then you can run the following to get started with `pytest`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python development. To get started, clone the SDK repository, cd into it, set
up a virtualenv and run:
```
